Hello! I am cheollin, your trainer to get you accustomed to being a first time adventurer!

It's also my first time... but please bear with me!

At any point in time, press 'g' to exit the tutorial

To start, you can move around using the WASD controls, and when you enter a dungeon, you'll be able to attack by using the mouse buttons (LMB & RMB)

Since it's your first time wielding your weapon, I advise you to experiment around once you're in a dungeon

Regardless, now I'm going to get you used to the buildings you'll need to know about as an adventurer

Please follow the green line, and enter the hospital

This is the hospital, where we wizards can perform all kinds of tricks on your body~

In the top right, you'll have the ability to heal free of cost!

In the bottom right, we have the upgrading station, where you can improve your stats and make yourself stronger!

As you make yourself a more well established adventurer, your level cap for each skill will increase, allowing us to make you stronger!

Upgrading also requires coins, which you can get from dungeons

Finally, in the bottom left, you have the ability to exit the hospital, do that when you're ready to leave

Phew, I finally got through the first stage of social interaction... yayyyyyyy~

Oh- oh hello, you're back

Next on the list is the coins dungeon, please follow the green line

The coins dungeon has mobs of all sorts, most of them have recently been guarding our stashes of treasure... so of course we'll want someone to defeat them for us!

You get awarded coins for defeating monsters, and in the coins dungeon, there's a chest at the end, retrieve it and you'll be rewarded handsomely!

The coins dungeon is a great way to get the money needed to upgrade your stats!

Finally, let's go to the story dungeon, follow the green line please~

The story dungeon is where you go to fight push back the enemies, and in doing so defend this village

It's a dangerous place, but it's how you progress in the story!

By doing story dungeons, you also become more mentally capable, and that means that we can upgrade you to even higher levels!

In other words, doing story dungeons allows you to increase your max level, so make sure to do them!

Oh- why are we so adament on protecting this place?

Well, the outside world is a dark and gloomy place...

Don't tell anybody, but I actually tried running away from this village once...

and the air suddenly became... unbearably hot, I suddenly started coughing, and I could barely even breathe.

It's a miracle I even made it back alive!

So, I think we have to defend this place because there's no where else to run to

You know the legend about how this village came to be? The part where the mages erected a barrier? 

Perhaps it wasn't to keep monsters away, but to keep us safe from the very smoke that our ancient factories hundreds of kilometres away spew out to provide us with energy

And now that I think about it, maybe these monsters were just trying to find a better place to live, and are like that because of horrid the conditions are out there

R-r-regardless, good luck on your adventure!

Sorry for getting carried away! I think I said something I shouldn't have... please forget it!

I recommend you start with the first story dungeon!

Have a good day! Goodbye!